README.md, before:

# ONLINE_A-ez-pass
Bot solves ropots (odpovedniky) in ONLINE_A until you have required number of points

# Motivation
I'm lazy to do the fcking ropots and they take forever

# Installation

```
pip install selenium
pip install webdriver-manager
git clone https://github.com/undy45/ONLINE_A-ez-pass.git
```

# How to use?
After Installation you can just run the program.
Keep in mind that in current version bot will not stop until it's done with every ropot so if you want to stop with let's say 333 points you have to kill it manually.

# Known bugs
* If you have recently selected some of yours past semesters and it is remembered you will have to change it back to the current one as this will break the bot as it doesn't know how to check which semester it is in
* If you did a ropot with non full point result, bot will not do the ropot in question as it only checks for non 0 number of points
* If you recently did a ropot and forcefully closed it (for example by closing the tab), IS gives you a little prompt asking you if you are sure that you want to open said ropot again. This will break the bot as it doesn't check for this.

Commit message:

feat: updated stuff from webdriver manager

README.md, after:

# ONLINE_A-ez-pass
Bot solves ropots (odpovedniky) in ONLINE_A until you have required number of points

# Motivation
I'm lazy to do the fcking ropots and they take forever

# Installation

```
pip install selenium
pip install webdriver-manager
git clone https://github.com/undy45/ONLINE_A-ez-pass.git
```

# How to use?
After Installation, you can just run the program after changing the config file with your settings. It relies on chrome so make sure you have it and that it's updated.
```
py main.py
```

### or
```
python main.py
```
Keep in mind that in current version bot will not stop until it's done with every ropot so if you want to stop with let's say 333 points you have to kill it manually.

# Known bugs
* If you have recently selected some of yours past semesters and it is remembered you will have to change it back to the current one as this will break the bot as it doesn't know how to check which semester it is in
* If you did a ropot with non-full point result, bot will not do the ropot in question as it only checks for non 0 number of points
* If you recently did a ropot and forcefully closed it (for example by closing the tab), IS gives you a little prompt asking you if you are sure that you want to open said ropot again. This will break the bot as it doesn't check for this.
